In this lesson, we have an independent work. It is necessary to add reload sounds for each weapon
and also the sound of equipping weapons. The equipment sound is the same for both weapons.
Reload sound for each weapon is different.
This is the sound of a rifle reloading. The reload sound of the grenade launcher is located in the GrenadeLauncher directory.
This sound is divided into two: the beginning and the end. Both must be put on the timeline.
It should look something like this. Let's get a look.
I recommend that you pause the video and try to implement these sound effects.
Let's get down to the task. Create a new directory and call it Weapon.
The sound of changing weapons will be the same for both types. Therefore, we create a
new SoundQue in the Weapon directory. We call it Equip.
The reload sounds will be different, so create an additional Rifle directory
for the rifle and the Launcher directory.
Go to the Rifle directory and create a SoundQue.
Called it SQ_RifleReload.
Create two Sound Queues for the grenade launcher.
The first will be responsible for the sound of the start of reloading.
And the second for the end of the recharge.
We open each asset.
And let's add sound wave to our Sound Queues. Open the rifle sounds folder.
Let's start with the sounds of changing weapons. We have three of them. We choose everything. Drag the Sound Que to the graph. Create a random node.
We connect all the pins. We test the sound.
The next sound is the rifle - reload sound.
Drag soundwave to the appropriate Sound Que. We include. Checking.
With the rifle sorted out. Next we have the sounds for the grenade launcher. Go to the GrenadeLauncher directory.
Let's start with the sound of the start of reloading for the grenade launcher. Select the appropriate sound wave.
Drag to Sound Que.
We connect. Checking.
And the last remaining asset is the reload completion sound.
We connect. We are testing.
All is ready. We can move on to animations.
Let's start with the animation of changing weapons. Add Sound Anim Notify somewhere at the beginning of the timeline.
We select SQ_Equip.
We're done with this animation. Next, let's move on to the reload animation. Let's start by reloading the rifle.
Open the corresponding asset.
Let's find a suitable place on the timeline for this sound.
This is roughly the animation pose in which the hand approaches the store.
Add Anim Notify.
We select SQ_RifleReload.
And press the space bar.
In general, it is normal. And in the middle, the animation is the reloading of the grenade launcher.
Here we need to add two sounds.
We can also add an additional track to separate the audio notify. Drag the reload sound.
And at the very end we add a second sound - this is the end of the recharge.
The accuracy of the sounds is generally normal. Let's see who looks like in the game.
The only thing is to change the number of seconds in a round - put 30.
Start the game.
All sounds are played. This concludes this lesson.